Welcome back everyone.
So far we've learned how to work with text files of Python.
Do some things like regular expressions as well as work of PDA files.
But I wouldn't say that those processes that we've learned are really natural language processing.
So what is an LP or natural language processing for a formal definition.
According to Wikipedia.
Natural Language Processing or an LP for short is an area of Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence
concern of the interactions between computers and human.
That is natural languages in particular how to program computers to process and analyze large amounts
of natural language data.
Now to put this in more simple terms.
Often when performing some sort of analysis usually have lots of data that's numerical and that's really
convenient.
Things like sales numbers physical measurements quantifiable categories and computers are already very
good at handling direct numerical information.
However what do we do with computers about actual natural language data that is text data as humans.
It's really easy for us to tell that there is a plethora of information inside of a text document like
a PDA file an e-mail a book there's lots of information that we can easily access because we're humans
and we understand how to read that natural language but a computer needs specialized processing techniques
in order to understand raw text data text data is highly unstructured and can also be in multiple languages
not just English.
However we'll only be dealing with English language in this course.
Natural Language Processing attempts to use a variety of techniques in order to create some sort of
structure out of raw text data.
In this section of the course we're going to start actually discussing some of these basic techniques
which is why we didn't really introduce this lecture of what is an LP until now.
So these techniques are built into libraries such as spacey and LTE.
K. some example use cases of natural language processing is taking a raw text email and classifying
it as spam versus a legitimate email or taking a raw text movie review and actually grabbing the sentiment
Alliss being able to tell if the review is positive or negative.
And these are things we're actually going to do during the course and we can also do things like analyze
trends from Britain customer feedback forums or even understand text commands such as when you're talking
to your phone.
You say something like Hey Google play this song or Hey Siri or hey Alexa that needs natural language
processing in order to convert that text information to something the computer can understand.
So natural language processing is constantly evolving.
And great strides are made even every month here.
We're going to focus on fundamental ideas that all state of the art techniques are based off of.
So let's begin by learning about the basics of using the spacey library.
Coming up next we'll talk about space basics.
I'll see you there.